## Lesson-5: Instantiate and create your own memory & pass it via imports to the webAssembly Module.

### Step: Creating own memory
- In this, we create our own memory which will be used by the web assembly module.

#### Why?
- Note that, we reference the `wasm` object from within the `instantiateStreaming` callback. That works because, that piece of code executes only after `wasm` is available.
- But the real issue here is, declarating and using objects before they exist.
- This is why we want to create our own memory.

#### What else do we get?
- Besides being able to set the memory size to whatever value we choose, the other added benefit of creating / instantiating our own memory is being able to gain access to it, before the reference of the wasm module.

#### So what are we doing?
- We will be creating our own memory & pass that to the wasm via imports.

### Step: What are the steps?
- create memory via `WebAssembly.memory`. Set it with an initial size in terms of pages. Note that, memory per page is 64KB
- Then pass that via the imports
- Be sure to include a declaration in the actual C code, to use this memory (available on the imports), rather than create its own memory.
- finally, update the `wasm.exports.instance.memory.buffer` to use the buffer from the memory we have created.
- WASM fiddle website will not allow us to create import declarations for memory.
- For this reason, we use [WASM explorer](http://mbebenita.github.io/WasmExplorer/) to directly copy paste the contents of the wat text (text representation of wasm) generated by Wasm Fiddle & put it inside this, edit it and download the actual wasm file.